and we have a great great show for you
and we're gonna have a whole lot of fun
but for a minute I need to talk to you
about something that's really serious
and really sad and if you know me it's
hard to talk about sad stuff without
getting emotional but this is really
important to talk about on February 12th
and openly-gay 15-year old boy named
Larry who is an eighth grader in Oxnard
California was murdered by a fellow 8th
grader named Brandon Larry was killed
because he was gay days before he was
murdered
Larry asked his killer to be his
Valentine I don't want to be political
this is not political I'm not a
political person but this is personal to
me a boy has been killed and a number of
lives have been ruined and somewhere
along the line the killer Brandon got
the message that it's so threatening and
so awful and so horrific that Larry
would want to be his Valentine that
killing Larry seemed to be the right
thing to do and when the message out
there is so horrible that to be gay you
can get killed for it we need to change
the message
Larry was not a second-class citizen I
am NOT a second-class citizen it is okay
if you're gay
I don't care what people say I don't
care what people think and I know there
are entire groups of people who face
discrimination every single day and
we're a long way from treating each
other equally all of it is unacceptable
all of it but I would like you to start
paying attention to how often being gay
is a punchline of a monologue or how
often gay jokes are in a movie and that
kind of message laughing at someone
because they're gay is just the
beginning it starts with laughing at
someone then it's verbal abuse and it's
physical abuse and then it's this kid
Brandon killing a kid like Larry we must
change our country and we can do it we
can do it with our behavior we can do it
with our messages that we send our
children we can do it with our vote this
is an election year and there's a lot of
talk about change I think one thing we
should change is hate check on who
you're voting for and does that person
really truly believe that we are all
equal under the law and if you're not
sure change your vote we deserve better
my heart goes out to everybody involved
in this horrible horrible incident the
whole all the families in this poor even
you know Brandon's life has changed
because he did this so we're gonna put
more information on this on our website
and we're gonna have a wonderful
fabulous funny show after this we'll be
right back